I, not events, have the power to make me happy or unhappy today. I can choose which it shall be. Yesterday is dead, tomorrow hasn't arrived yet. I have just one day, today, and I'm going to be happy in it.
The secret of life is honesty and fair dealing. If you can fake that, you've got it made.
I didn't like the play, but then I saw it under adverse conditions - the curtain was up.
Behind every successful man is a woman, behind her is his wife.
Politics is the art of looking for trouble, finding it everywhere, diagnosing it incorrectly and applying the wrong remedies.
Outside of a dog, a book is a man's best friend. Inside of a dog it's too dark to read.
I refuse to join any club that would have me as a member.
Man does not control his own fate. The women in his life do that for him.
I have had a perfectly wonderful evening, but this wasn't it.
Well, Art is Art, isn't it? Still, on the other hand, water is water. And east is east and west is west and if you take cranberries and stew them like applesauce they taste much more like prunes than rhubarb does. Now you tell me what you know.
Those are my principles, and if you don't like them... well, I have others.
I intend to live forever, or die trying.
A black cat crossing your path signifies that the animal is going somewhere.
I read in the newspapers they are going to have 30 minutes of intellectual stuff on television every Monday from 7:30 to 8. to educate America. They couldn't educate America if they started at 6:30.
The first thing which I can record concerning myself is, that I was born. These are wonderful words. This life, to which neither time nor eternity can bring diminution - this everlasting living soul, began. My mind loses itself in these depths.
A hospital bed is a parked taxi with the meter running.
I must say I find television very educational. The minute somebody turns it on, I go to the library and read a good book.
No man goes before his time - unless the boss leaves early.
Anyone who says he can see through women is missing a lot.
One morning I shot an elephant in my pajamas. How he got into my pajamas I'll never know.
A woman is an occasional pleasure but a cigar is always a smoke.
Women should be obscene and not heard.
From the moment I picked your book up until I laid it down, I was convulsed with laughter. Someday I intend reading it.
I'm leaving because the weather is too good. I hate London when it's not raining.
Marriage is a wonderful institution, but who wants to live in an institution?
A child of five would understand this. Send someone to fetch a child of five.
My favourite poem is the one that starts 'Thirty days hath September' because it actually tells you something.
I find television very educating. Every time somebody turns on the set, I go into the other room and read a book.
It isn't necessary to have relatives in Kansas City in order to be unhappy.
Alimony is like buying hay for a dead horse.
I never forget a face, but in your case I'll be glad to make an exception.
Getting older is no problem. You just have to live long enough.
In Hollywood, brides keep the bouquets and throw away the groom.
I remember the first time I had sex - I kept the receipt.
I was married by a judge. I should have asked for a jury.
She got her looks from her father. He's a plastic surgeon.
I've got the brain of a four year old. I'll bet he was glad to be rid of it.
I don't care to belong to a club that accepts people like me as members.
Who are you going to believe, me or your own eyes?
Why a four-year-old child could understand this report. Run out and find me a four-year-old child. I can't make head nor tail out of it.
I've had a perfectly wonderful evening. But this wasn't it.
Humor is reason gone mad.
Before I speak, I have something important to say.
Military intelligence is a contradiction in terms.
Whoever named it necking was a poor judge of anatomy.
Room service? Send up a larger room.
Why should I care about posterity? What's posterity ever done for me?
A man's only as old as the woman he feels.
I'm not feeling very well - I need a doctor immediately. Ring the nearest golf course.
Next time I see you, remind me not to talk to you.
If you've heard this story before, don't stop me, because I'd like to hear it again.
I must confess, I was born at a very early age.
Military justice is to justice what military music is to music.
If I held you any closer I would be on the other side of you.
Why, I'd horse-whip you if I had a horse.
All people are born alike - except Republicans and Democrats.
I worked my way up from nothing to a state of extreme poverty.
There's one way to find out if a man is honest - ask him. If he says, 'Yes,' you know he is a crook.
I have a mind to join a club and beat you over the head with it.
Quote me as saying I was mis-quoted.
Marry me and I'll never look at another horse!
Please accept my resignation. I don't care to belong to any club that will have me as a member.
Wives are people who feel they don't dance enough.
I won't belong to any organization that would have me as a member.
Go, and never darken my towels again.
Politics doesn't make strange bedfellows - marriage does.
Either he's dead or my watch has stopped.
I wish to be cremated. One tenth of my ashes shall be given to my agent, as written in our contract.
My mother loved children - she would have given anything if I had been one.
Practically everybody in New York has half a mind to write a book, and does.
